I am a Ph.D. candidate in Economics at Oxford University. My research focuses on political, experimental, and behavioral economics. Mathematics has been my primary love, so I am trying to understand political behaviour using mathematical tools and understand the science behind propaganda. 

My research interests lie primarily in applied microeconomics with application to public economics, labour economics and health economics. I am keen on determining the sorts of risk individuals face over their life time and to what extent can individuals insure against these risks through their own decision or various government provided social insurance schemes. I want my research to primarily focus on developing and testing models that investigates the impact of government and private social insurance schemes on the household well-being, household savings, labour supply, and health of a country. For instance, I would use computer stimulations of uncertainty in a life cycle framework and pursue numerical dynamic programming to estimate lifecycle models which link household decisions in each period with their well-being in that period and their consequent well-being in future periods. I want to exploit on two recent advances in the field of estimation of life-cycle models. First, I would use the administrative data, often linked to survey panel data as it allows for more accurate measurement. Second, I would use frontier computational methods and computer investments such as large computer clusters and GPUs to estimate these models. Furthermore, I want to emphasize on risks individual faces to their health and family structure, and determine how to improve health outcomes and lifestyle patterns through these schemes and reforms. In the context of health insurance markets, I want to make sure that the consequences of government intervention not only include its static effects on insurance coverage, but also include important dynamic effects on the technological change, which is the primary driving factor behind the dramatic increase in real per capita medical expenditure. I am also interested in the question of how to design empirical tests for the existence of asymmetric information in the insurance market, and facilitate welfare improving government intervention.

My non-academic interests include Geopolitics, History, and Anthropology. My range of music spans as wide as oceans, ranging from hip-hop to country music, Jazz to Rock, Spanish to Mongolian, Pubjabi to Bhojpuri, Lata Mangeshkar to Alka Yagnik, Kishore Kumar to Kumar Sanu, Honey Singh to Gurdass Mann, and contemporary Hindi music to classical Indian music.

## EDUCATION
D.Phil. Economics (2027), University of Oxford  
M.Phil. Economics (2025), University of Oxford  
M.Sc. Economics (2022), University of Manchester  
M.Sc. Applied Mathematics (2022), Imperial College London  
B.Sc. Mathematics (2020), Iowa State University  
